Q: What does a nosey pepper do? 
A: Gets jalapeno business! 

Q: What do you call a fake noodle? 
A: An Impasta 

Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest? 
A: An Investigator 

Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish?
A: Every morning you'll rise and shine! 

Q: "What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?" 
A: "You can't tuna fish." 

Q: What do you call a pile of kittens 
A: a meowntain 

Q: What do you call a baby monkey? 
A: A Chimp off the old block. 

Q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato? 
A: The lettuce was a "head" and the tomato was trying to "ketchup"! 

Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock? 
A: It went back four seconds. 

Q: What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies? 
A: An ambulance. 

Q: Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? 
A: Because she will Let it go. 

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? 
A: Spoiled milk. 

Q: If Mississippi bought Virginia a New Jersey, what would Delaware? 
A: Idaho... Alaska! 

Q: Did you hear about that new broom? 
A: It's sweeping the nation! 

Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? 
A: An irrelephant. 

Q: What do lawyers wear to court? 
A: Lawsuits! 

Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? 
A: A towel. 

Q: Where do crayons go on vacation? 
A: Color-ado! 

Q: Why did the belt get arrested? 
A: He held up a pair of pants. 

Q: What do you call a fat psychic? 
A: A four chin teller. 

Q: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean? 
A: A Dell Rolling in the Deep. 

Q: What did Bacon say to Tomato? 
A: Lettuce get together! 

Q: What do you call a computer that sings? 
A: A-Dell 

Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica? 
A: It's dread-full. 

Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? 
A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! 

Q: How do you make a tissue dance? 
A: Put a little boogey in it! 

Q: Why is your foot more special than your other body parts? 
A: Because they have their own soul. 

Q: What is heavy forward but not backward? 
A: Ton. 

Q: What do you call a gangsta snowman? 
A: Froze-T 

Q: What did the femur say to the patella? 
A: I kneed you. 

Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse? 
A: Kitty Perry 

Q: Why did the picture go to jail? 
A: Because it was framed. 

Q: What do you call a three-footed aardvark? 
A: a yardvark! 

Q: What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant? 
A: Swimming trunks. 

Q: Where do bees go to the bathroom? 
A: At the BP station! 

Q: Who earns a living driving their customers away? 
A: A taxi driver. 

Q: What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? 
A: LMAYO 

Q: What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary? 
A: a thesaurus. 

Q: "How do you shoot a killer bee?" 
A: "With a bee bee gun." 

Q: How do you drown a Hipster? 
A: In the mainstream. 

Q: What kind of jokes do you make in the shower? 
A: Clean Jokes! 

Q: What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? 
A: "Where's Popcorn?" 

Q: What do you call sad coffee?" 
A: Despresso. 

Q: How do you make holy water? 
A: Boil the hell out of it! 

Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly? 
A: It barked with de-light! 

Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world? 
A: A stamp. 

Q: What do you call a man with no body and just a nose? 
A: Nobody nose. 

Q: Why did the computer go to the doctor? 
A: Because it had a virus! 

Q: Why did the giraffe get bad grades? 
A: He had his head in the clouds. 

Q: Why are frogs so happy? 
A: They eat whatever bugs them 

Q: What is brown and has a head and a tail but no legs? 
A: A penny. 

Q: How do you make an Octupus laugh? 
A: With ten-tickles 

Q: Why are pirates called pirates? 
A: Cause they arrrrr. 

Q: What is the tallest building in the world? 
A: The library! It has the most stories! 

Q: What's the first bet that most people make in their lives? 
A: the alpha bet 

Q. What do you get when you cross a cow and a duck? 
A. Milk and quackers! 

Q: How do you organize a space party? 
A: You planet! 

Q: What did the leopard say after eating his owner? 
A: Man, that hit the "spot." 

Q: What do you call a sleeping bull? 
A: A bulldozer! 

Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? 
A: Guardians of the Galaxy. 

Q: What do you call having your grandma on speed dial? 
A: Instagram. 

Q: Why did the banana go to the Doctor? 
A: Because it was not peeling well 

Q: Why is England the wettest country? 
A: Because the queen has reigned there for years! 

Q: What belongs to you but others use more? 
A: Your name 

Q: Why do fish live in salt water? 
A: Because pepper makes them sneeze! 

Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer? 
A: He wanted cold hard cash! 

Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? 
A: Frostbite. 

Q: What is the best day to go to the beach? 
A: Sunday, of course! 

Q: Which is the building is the largest? 
A: The library because it has the most stories. 

Q: What do you call an illegally parked frog? 
A: Toad. 

Q: What bow can't be tied? 
A: A rainbow! 

Q: What do you call a laughing motorcycle? 
A: A Yamahahaha 

Q: What season is it when you are on a trampoline? 
A: Spring time. 

Q: Where did the computer go to dance? 
A: To a disc-o. 

Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs? 
A: A Bed 

Q: What is the difference between a school teacher and a train? 
A: The teacher says spit your gum out and the train says "chew chew chew". 

Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital? 
A: To get a tweetment. 

Q: Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job? 
A: Because she couldn't control her pupils? 

Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa? 
A: A Clausterphobic 

Q: What three candies can you find in every school? 
A: Nerds, DumDums, and smarties. 

Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? 
A: Ouch 

Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend? 
A: Because his friend said dinner is on me. 

Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof? 
A: Never mind, it's over your head! 

Q: What do you call a bee that lives in 
America? A: USB 

Q: How do you make a tissue dance? 
A: Put a bogey in it. 

Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance? 
A: Because he had no-body to go with. 

Q: How do crazy people go through the forest? 
A: They take the psycho path. 

Q: Did you hear about the angry pancake? 
A: He just flipped. 

Q: What do prisoners use to call each other? 
A: Cell phones. 

Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? 
A: Beef Jerky. 

Q: Did you ever hear about that movie constipation? 
A: It never came out. 

Q: What Do You Call 
A Bear With No Teeth? A: A Gummy Bear 

Q: What do you get when you cross Sonic The Hedgehog and Curious George? 
A: 2 Fast 2 Curious 

Q: Did you hear about the hairdresser? 
A: She dyed. 

Q: What do you call a musician with problems? 
A: a trebled man. 

Q: Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? 
A: He pasta way. 

Q: Where do snowmen keep their money? 
A: In snow banks. 

Q: What do you call a very religious person that sleep walks? 
A: a Roman Catholic 

Q: Did you hear about the crab that went to the seafood disco? 
A: He pulled a muscle 

Q: Did you hear about the carrot detective? 
A: He got to the root of every case. 

Q: Why can't you take a nap during a race? 
A: Because if you snooze, you loose! 

Q. What did the tie say to the hat? 
A. You go on ahead and I'll hang around 

Q: What washes up on very small beaches? 
A: Microwaves! 

Q: What never asks questions but receives a lot of answers? 
A: the Telephone. 

Q: What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn't move? 
A: The road! 

Q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? 
A: He was lucky it was a soft drink. 

Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? 
A: The scientists were brainstorming! 

Q: What did Delaware? 
A: a New Jersey 

Q: Why did Tony go out with a prune? 
A: Because he couldn't find a date! 

Q: What do you cal purple when it is being mean? 
A: Violent. 

Q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? 
A: Hi Cliff! Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That�s just how I roll. 

Q: Did you hear the one about the geologist? 
A: He took his wife for granite so she left him 

Q: What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent? 
A: Show me the honey! 

Q: What did the man say to the wall? 
A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster ya! 

Q: What do you get when you cross a fridge with a radio? 
A: Cool Music 

Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards? 
A: Because he was sitting on the deck! 

Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu? 
A: If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment. 

Q: Why did the traffic light turn red? 
A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street! 

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? 
A: I think I'm coming down with something! 

Q: What do you call a window that raps? 
A: 2PANEZ 

Q: What happened when a faucet, a tomato and lettuce were in a race? 
A: The lettuce was ahead, the faucet was running and the tomato was trying to ketchup. 

Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? 
A: Because then it would be a foot! 

Q: What has four wheels and flies? 
A: A garbage truck! 

Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a million letters in it? 
A: Post Office! 

Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it? 
A: A waist of time 

Q: What did the blanket say to the bed? 
A: Don't worry, I've got you covered! 

Q: Why should you take a pencil to bed? 
A: To draw the curtains! 

Q: What do you call an unpredictable, out of control photographer? 
A: a loose Canon 

Q: What do you call a frozen dog? 
A: A pupsicle. 

Q: What does the Lone Ranger say when he takes out the garbage? 
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump. 

Q: How many books can you put in an empty backpack? 
A: One! After that its not empty! 

Q: What kind of button won't unbutton? 
A: A bellybutton! 

Q: What do you call an 80s synth pop band with a scoop of ice cream? 
A: Depeche a la Mode. 

Q: What do you call a group of men waiting for a haircut? 
A: A barbercue Sponsored Content Recommended by 

Q: Why do sea-gulls fly over the sea? 
A: Because if they flew over the bay they would be bagels! 

Q: What dog keeps the best time? 
A: A watch dog. 

Q: What do you call a condiment with a hit single? 
A: a must"heard" 

Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat? 
A: A heavy discussion 

Q: Why did the tomato turn red? 
A: It saw the salad dressing! 

Q: What do you get when you plant kisses? 
A: Tu-lips (two-lips) 

Q: What did the daddy chimney say to the baby chimney? 
A: You are to little to smoke! 

Q: What do you call a ghosts mom and dad? 
A: Transparents 

Q: Why did God make only one Yogi Bear? 
A: Because when he tried to make a second one he made a Boo-Boo 

Q: What did the grape do when it got stepped on? 
A: It let out a little wine! 

Q: What do you call the new girl at the bank? 
A: The Nutella! 

Q: What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room? 
A: Odor in the court. 

Q: What did the fish say when he swam into the wall? 
A: Dam! 

Q: Why don't skeletons fight each other? 
A: They don't have the guts. 

Q: What do you call cheese that is not yours? 
A: Nacho Cheese 

Q: What streets do ghosts haunt? 
A: Dead ends! 

Q: Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on chewing gum? 
A: He got stuck in Orbit. 

Q: What did the penny say to the other penny? 
A: We make perfect cents. 

Q: Why did the man with one hand cross the road? 
A: To get to the second hand shop. 

Q: Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep? 
A: So he could have sweet dreams. 

Q: What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? 
A: Shakespeare. 

Q: Did you hear about the painter who was hospitalized? 
A: Reports say it was due to too many strokes. 

Q: Why did the robber take a bath? 
A: Because he wanted to make a clean getaway. 

Q: What happens if life gives you melons? 
A: Your dyslexic 

Q: What did the judge say to the dentist? 
A: Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth. 

Q: Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? 
A: He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills! 

Q: What do you call a funny mountain? 
A: hill-arious 

Q: What goes up when the rain comes down? 
A: An umbrella. 

Q: Why did the belt go to jail? 
A: Because it held up a pair of pants! 

Q: Did you hear about the calendar thief? 
A: He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered 

Q: What happens if life gives you melons? 
A: Your dyslexic 

Q: What did one raindrop say to the other? 
A: Two's company, three's a cloud 

Q: Why did the balloon burst? 
A: Because is saw a lolly pop 

Q: Did you hear about the sick juggler? 
A: They say he couldnt stop throwing up! 

Q: What kind of driver never get a parking ticket? 
A: A screw driver 

Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope? 
A: Stick with me and we will go places! 

Q: Who can shave 10 times a day and still have a beard? 
A: A barber. 

Q: What do you call a horse that can't lose a race? 
A: Sherbet 

Q: What do you call a dentist in the army? 
A: A drill sergeant 

Q: What did the triangle say to the circle? 
A: Your pointless! 

Q: Did you hear about the new Johnny Depp movie? 
A: It's the one rated Arrrr! 

Q: Why does a milking stool have only 3 legs? 
A: Because the cow has the utter. 

Q: What's easy to get into but hard to get out of? 
A: Trouble 

Q: Did you hear about the guy who died when an axe fell on him? 
A: The police are calling it an axe-i-dent. 

Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? 
A: Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet. 

Q: What kind of lights did Noah use on the 
Ark? A: Flood lights! 

Q: Did you hear about the monster with five legs? 
A: His trousers fit him like a glove. 

Q: Why don't you see giraffes in elementary school? 
A: Because they're all in High School! 

Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary? 
A: "Smiles", because there is a mile between each "s"! 

Q: What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine? 
A: it wooden go! 

Q: Which month do soldiers hate most? 
A: The month of March! 

Q: What did the painter say to the wall? 
A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster you! 

Q: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day? 
A: A Frisbee. 

Q: What did the M&M go to college? 
A: Because he wanted to be a Smarty. 

Q: What stays on the ground but never gets dirty? 
A: Shadow. 

Q: What kind of shorts do clouds wear? 
A: Thunderwear 

Q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants? 
A: In case they get a hole in one! 

Q: What kind of berry has a coloring book? 
A: A crayon-berry 

Q: What do you call a magician on a plane? 
A: A flying sorcerer! 

Q: Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? 
A: He wanted to get to the bottom. 

Q: Who cleans the bottom of the ocean? 
A: A Mer-Maid 

Q: Whens the best time to go to the dentist? 
A: Tooth-hurty 

Q: What did one aspiring wig say to the other aspiring wig? 
A: I wanna get a head! 

Q: Did you hear about the paddle sale at the boat store? 
A: It was quite an oar deal. 

Q: Why did Goofy put a clock under his desk? 
A: Because he wanted to work over-time! 

Q: Do you know why diarrhea is hereditary? 
A: Because it runs through your jeans. What would you do if I stole a kiss? Call the Police 

Q: What do you call a South 
American girl who is always in a hurry? A: Urgent Tina 

Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window? 
A: Because he wanted to see time fly! 

Q: When do you stop at green and go at red? 
A: When you're eating a watermelon! 

Q: What did the tailor think of her new job? 
A: It was sew sew. 

Q: How did the farmer mend his pants? 
A: With cabbage patches! 

Q: Why did the man lose his job at the orange juice factory? 
A: He couldn't concentrate! 

Q: Can I tell you a joke about paper. 
A: Nah, never mind, its tearable. 

Q: How do you repair a broken tomato? 
A: Tomato Paste! 

Q: Why did the baby strawberry cry? 
A: Because his parents were in a jam! 

Q: What did the hamburger name his daughter? 
A: Patty! 

Q: What kind of egg did the bad chicken lay? 
A: A deviled egg! 

Q: What kind of key opens the door on Thanksgiving? 
A: A turkey! 

Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? 
A: He felt crummy! 

Q: Why were the teacher's eyes crossed? 
A: She couldn't control her pupils! 

Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public? 
A: A private tutor. 

Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on? 
A: Bare-foot. 

Q: What can you serve but never eat? 
A: A volleyball. 

Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear? 
A: Sneakers. 

Q: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game? 
A: So he could tie the score. 

Q: Why is a baseball team similar to a muffin? 
A: They both depend on the batter. 

Q: What did the alien say to the garden? 
A: Take me to your weeder. 

Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat? 
A: A heavy discussion. 

Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress? 
A: They got married in the spring. 

Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings? 
A: Because they cantaloupe. 

Q: Have you heard the joke about the butter? 
A: I better not tell you, it might spread. 

Q: How do baseball players stay cool? 
A: They sit next to their fans. 

Q: Why was the math book sad? 
A: Because it had too many problems. 

Q: What runs but doesn't get anywhere? 
A: A refrigerator. 

Q: What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer? 
A: The Space bar! 

Q: Why was the robot mad? 
A: People kept pushing its buttons. 

Q: What exam do young witches have to pass? 
A: A spell-ing test! 

Q: What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs? 
A: A cloud! 

Q: Why did the boy eat his homework? 
A: Because his teacher said it was a piece of cake! 

Q: Why is Basketball such a messy sport? 
A: Because you dribble on the floor! 

Q: How do you communicate with a fish? 
A: Drop him a line! 

Q: What did the digital watch say to his grandfather? 
A: Look grandpa no hands! 

Q: Where do sheep go to get haircuts? 
A: To the Baa Baa shop! 

Q: What does a shark like to eat with peanut butter? 
A: Jellyfish! 

Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? 
A: Mice Crispies! 

Q: Why can't a leopard hide? 
A: Because he's always spotted! 

Q: What do you give a dog with a fever? 
A: Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog! 

Q: What do you get when you cross a cat with a lemon? 
A: A sour puss! 

Q: What kind of flower doesn't sleep at night? 
A: The Day-zzz 

Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter? 
A: Its easier than walking! 

Q: What kind of key opens a banana? 
A: A monkey! 

Q: Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went round biting people's arms off? 
A: It was a vicious cycle. 

Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight? 
A: Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses? 

Q: Why does a hummingbird hum? 
A: It doesn't know the words! 

Q: What did one plate say to the other? 
A: Dinners on me 

Q: Why are some fish at the bottom of the ocean? 
A: Because they dropped out of school! 

Q: What goes up and down but doesn't move? 
A: The temperature! 

Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks? 
A: Neither, they both weigh a ton! 

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath? 
A: She still hasn't gotten all the hair off her tongue. 

Q: What has one horn and gives milk 
A: A milk truck. 

Q: Where do bulls get their messages? 
A: On a bull-etin board. 

Q: What do bulls do when they go shopping? 
A: They CHARGE! 

Q: What do you call a house that likes food? 
A: a Condoment! 

Q: What runs but can't walk? 
A: The faucet! 

Q: What kind of bed does a mermaid sleep in? 
A: A water bed! 

Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup? 
A: Firecrackers! 

Q: Why did the barber win the race? 
A: Because he took a short cut. 

Q: Where do boats go when they get sick? 
A: The dock 

Q: What do you call leftover aliens? 
A: Extra Terrestrials. 

Q: What's taken before you get it? 
A: Your picture. 

Q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup? 
A: You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup! 

Q: What concert costs 45 cents? 
A: 50 Cent featuring Nickleback. 

Q: Can February March? 
A: No. But April May. Did you hear about the injured vegetable? Some say he got beet. 

Q: Why did the tree go to the dentist? 
A: To get a root canal. 

Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? 
A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! 

Q: Why was the broom late? 
A: It over swept! 

Q: Why is a 2016 calendar more popular than a 2015 calendar? 
A: It has more dates. 

Q: What caused the airline to go bankrupt? 
A: Runway inflation. 

Q: What do you call a snowman with a six pack? 
A: An abdominal snowman. 

Q: Did you hear the joke about the germ? 
A: Never mind. I don't want to spread it around 

Q: What do you call a person that chops up cereal. 
A: a cereal killer. 

Q: What do you call a crushed angle? 
A: a rectangle 

Q: Who do fish always know how much they weigh? 
A: Because they have their own scales. 

Q: Why didn't the 11 year old go to the pirate movie? 
A: because it was rated arrrrr 

Q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? 
A: SUPPLIES! 

Q: What did the tie say to the hat? 
A: You go on ahead and I'll hang around! 

Q: Did you hear about the limo driver who went 25 years without a customer? 
A: All that time and nothing to chauffeur it. 

Q: Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize? 
A: Because he was outstanding in his field. 

Q: What pet makes the loudest noise? 
A: A trum-pet! 

Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping? 
A: He woke up. 

Q: What the difference between you and a calendar? 
A: a calendar has dates. 

Q: What do you call a rabbit with fleas? 
A: Bugs Bunny! 

Q: What word looks the same backwards and upside down? 
A: Swims 

Q: Why did the manager hire the marsupial? 
A: Because he was koala-fied. 

Q: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 
A: Tentacles. 

Q: What do you get if you a cross a card game with a typhoon? 
A: Bridge over troubled water. 

Q: Have you ever tried to eat a clock? 
A: It's very time consuming. 

Q: Did you hear about the ghost comedian? 
A: He was booed off stage. 

Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? 
A: An offer you can't understand. 

Q: What kind of emotions do noses feel? 
A: Nostralgia. Why did the dog cross the road? To get to the "barking" lot! 

Q: How do spiders communicate? 
A: Through the World Wide Web. 

Q: Why are chefs so mean? 
A: They beat eggs and whip cream. 

Q: Did you hear about the guy who's whole left side was cut off? 
A: He's all right now. 

Q: Did you hear about the paper boy? 
A: He blew away 

Q: When I was young there was only 25 letters in the 
Alphabet? A: Nobody new why. 

Q: What do you get when you cross Speedy Gonzales with a country singer? 
A: Arriba McEntire. 

Q: What do you get when you cross a lawyer with the Godfather? 
A: An offer you can't understand. 

Q: Did you hear about the circus fire? 
A: Yeah, it was in'tents'. 

Q: Why did the scientist go to the tanning salon? 
A: Because he was a paleontologist. 

Q: Where does bad light go? 
A: PRISM! 

Q: Why did the hot dog turn down a chance to star in a major motion picture? 
A: None of the rolls (roles) were good enough. 

Q: Did you hear about the new corduroy pillowcases? 
A: Their making headlines... 

Q: Why did the log fall into a creek? 
A: Because that's how it ROLLS! 

Q. What did the pink panther say when he stepped on the ant? 
A. deadant deadant deadant deadant. 

Q: What kind of bird sticks to sweaters? 
A: a Vel-Crow. Music Teacher: What's your favourite musicle instrument? Fat Kid: The lunch bell 

Q: Why did the two 4's skip lunch? 
A: They already 8 (ate). 

Q: Why did the girl bring lipstick and eye shadow to school? 
A: She had a make-up exam! 

Q: What did a sign say outside the pet shop? 
A: Buy 1 dog get 1 flea! 

Q: Why did the insomniac man get arrested? 
A: He resisted a rest 

Q: Why did the computer break up with the internet? 
A: There was no "Connection". 

Q: What vehicle has 4 wheels and flies? 
A: a garbage truck. 

Q: Why did the music teacher need a ladder? 
A: To reach the high notes. 

Q: What music are balloons scared of? 
A: Pop music 

Q: What do you call a book that's about the brain? 
A: A mind reader. 

Q: Who goes to the bathroom in the middle of a party? 
A: A party pooper. 

Q. Did you hear about the party a little boy had for his sisters barbie dolls? 
A. It was a Barbie-Q. 

Q: How does a suit put his child into bed? 
A: He tux him in 

Q: What's the difference between a cat and a frog? 
A: A Cat has nine lives but a Frog croaks every night! 

Q: What is a tree's favorite drink? 
A: Root beer! 

Q: What four letters will frighten a burglar? 
A: O I C U 

Q: Where does bad light go? 
A: To prism! 

Q: What do sea monsters eat? 
A: Fish and ships 

Q: I can run but not walk, have a mouth but can't talk, and a bed, but I do not sleep. What am I? 
A: A River. 

Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? 
A: Because he felt crummy 

Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window? 
A: Because he wanted to see time fly! 

Q: What did the policeman say to his belly button? 
A: You're under a vest! 

Q: What do you call a fake noodle? 
A: An impasta 

Q: What did one toilet say to the other toilet? 
A: You look flushed 

Q: What do lawyers wear to court? 
A: Lawsuits! 

Q: Why is there a gate around cemeteries? 
A: Because people are dying to get in! 

Q: Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure? 
A: Because he was a little shellfish 

Q: What lights up a soccer stadium? 
A: A soccer match 

Q: Why was the baby strawberry crying? 
A: Because his mom and dad were in a jam. 

Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? 
A: Because it's pointless. 

Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer? 
A: He wanted cold hard cash!

Q: Why did the barber win the race? 
A: Because he took a short cut.

Q: What do call cheese that isn't yours? 
A: Nacho Cheese 

Q: What do you call four bullfighters standing in quicksand? 
A: Quattro Sinko 

Q: How do you make a tissue dance? 
A: Put a little boogey in it! 

Q: What do you call a sleeping bull? 
A: A bulldozer! 

Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it? 
A: A waist of time 

Q: What do you call bears with no ears? 
A: B 

Q: Where do pencils go for vacation? 
A: Pencil-vania

Q: Why couldn't the pony sing himself a lullaby?
A: He was a little hoarse

Q: What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room? 
A: Odor in the court.

Q: Where do snowmen keep their money? 
A: In snow banks! 

Q: What is the best day to go to the beach? 
A: Sunday, of course! 

Q: How do hens cheer for their team? 
A: They egg them on!

Q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? 
A: Supplies

Q: Why did the man with one hand cross the road?
A: To get to the second hand shop. 

Q: What bow can't be tied? 
A: A rainbow! 

Q: What season is it when you are on a trampoline? 
A: Spring time 

Q: What is red and smells like blue paint? 
A: Red Paint 

Q: Why do fish live in salt water? 
A: Because pepper makes them sneeze! 

Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital? 
A: To get a tweetment 

Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs? 
A: A Bed

Q: Where did the computer go to dance? 
A: To a disc-o 

Q: Why is England the wettest country? 
A: Because the queen has reigned there for years! 

Q: Why did the banana go to the Doctor? 
A: Because it was not peeling well 

Q: Why did the computer go to the doctor? 
A: Because it had a virus! 

Q: Why did Roger go out with a prune? 
A: Because he couldn’t find a date! 

Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly? 
A: It barked with de-light! 

Q: How do you shoot a killer bee? 
A: With a bee-bee gun 

Q: What did the traffic light say to the car? 
A: Don't look, I'm about to change! 

Q: Who earns a living driving their customers away? 
A: A taxi driver 

Q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? 
A: Hi Cliff! 

Q: What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent? 
A: Show me the honey! 

Q: Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road?
A: To go with the traffic jam!

Q: What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn't move? 
A: The road! 

Q: What kind of dogs like car racing?
A: Lap dogs

Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? 
A: The scientists were brainstorming! 

Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards? 
A: Because he was sitting on the deck! 

Q: What do you call a baby monkey? 
A: A Chimp off the old block 

Q: Where do bees go to the bathroom? 
A: At the BP station! 

Q: Why did the traffic light turn red? 
A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street! 

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? 
A: I think I'm coming down with something! 

Q: What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant? 
A: Swimming trunks. 

Q: What do you call the security guards who work at the Samsung store? 
A: Guardians of the Galaxy. 

Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? 
A: Frostbite 

Q: What word is always spelled wrong in the Dictionary? 
A: Wrong. 

Q: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? 
A: It was two-tired! 

Q: What kind of animal do you not want to play games with?
A: A cheetah

Q: Why did the chicken get a penalty?
A: For fowl play!

Q: What is a cheerleader’s favorite drink? 
A: Rootbeer

Q: When does Friday come before Thursday? 
A: In the dictionary 

Q: What did the blanket say to the bed? 
A: Don't worry, I've got you covered! 

Q: How many tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh? 
A: Ten-tickles 

Q: What kind of bird sticks to sweaters? 
A: a Vel-Crow 

Q: What washes up on very small beaches? 
A: Microwaves 

Q: What kind of button won’t unbutton? 
A: A bellybutton! 

Q: Why is the sky so unhappy? 
A: It has the blues 

Q: Where do boats go when they get sick? 
A: The dock 

Q: What pet makes the loudest noise? 
A: A trum-pet! 

Q: What do you call a funny mountain? 
A: Hill-arious! 

Q: What's easy to get into but hard to get out of? 
A: Trouble 

Q: What did the triangle say to the circle?
A: You’re pointless!

Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup? 
A: Firecrackers! 

Q: What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? 
A: Look grandpa, no hands! 

Q: What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer? 
A: The Space bar! 

Q: Which month do soldiers hate most? 
A: The month of March! 

Q: What did the judge say to the dentist? 
A: Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth. 

Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a million letters in it? 
A: Post Office! 

Q: What runs but doesn't get anywhere? 
A: A refrigerator 

Q: Why did the scarecrow win an award? 
A: Because he was out-standing in his field. 

Q: What kind of dog keeps the best time? 
A: A watch dog. 

Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary? 
A: "Smiles", because there is a mile between each 's' 

Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? 
A: Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet. 

Q: Why couldn't dracula's wife get to sleep? 
A: Because of his coffin. 

Q: What did the worker at the rubber band factory say when he lost his job? 
A: Oh Snap! 

Q: What did one hat say to another? 
A: You stay here, I'll go on a head 

Q: What did the elder chimney say to the younger chimney? 
A: You're too young to smoke! 

Q: Why are pirates called pirates? 
A: Cause they arrrrr. 

Q. What did the lawyer name his daughter? 
A. Sue 

Q. What did the cat say after eating two robins lying in the sun? 
A. I just love baskin' robins. 

Q. How many books can you put in an empty backpack? 
A. One! After that it’s not empty! 

Q. Did you hear they're changing the flooring in daycare centers? 
A. They're calling it infant-tile! 

Q: What three candies can you find in every school? 
A: Nerds, DumDums, and smarties. 

Q: What do you call a man that irons clothes?
A: Iron Man 

Q: How do crazy people go through the forest? 
A: They take the psycho path. 

Q: Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? 
A: Because it's a little meteor 

Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying? 
A: He neverlands! 

Q: Why did the picture go to jail? 
A: Because it was framed! 

Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest? 
A: An Investigator 

Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world? 
A: A stamp 

Q: What kind of key opens a banana? 
A: A monkey! 

Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public? 
A: A private tutor 

Q: What goes up when the rain comes down? 
A: An umbrella 

Q: What did the tree say to the wind? 
A: Leaf me alone! 

Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof? 
A: Never mind, it's over your head! 

Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance? 
A: Because he had no-body to go with. 

Q: What did the horse say when he fell? 
A: Help, I've fallen and I can't giddy up! 

Q: What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles? 
A: UCLA 

Q: Which U.S. State has the smallest soft drinks? 
A: Mini-soda 

Q: Why did the stadium get hot after the game? 
A: All of the fans left 

Q: What did the duck say to the bartender? 
A: Put it on my bill 

Q: How does a squid go into battle? 
A: Well Armed 

Q: What kind of tea is hard to swallow? 
A: Reality 

Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend? 
A: Because his friend said dinner is on me. 

Q: What did the Time Traveler do when he was still hungry after his last bite? 
A: He went back four seconds. 

Q: What do you call an unpredictable, out of control photographer? 
A: A loose Canon. 

Q: Did you hear about the sensitive burglar? 
A: He takes things personally. 

Q: Did the disappointed smoker get everything he wanted for Christmas? 
A: Clothes, but no cigar. 

Q: What do you call the sound a dog makes when it's choking on a piece of its owner's jewelry? 
A: A diamond in the ruff. 

Q: What do you call the heavy breathing someone makes while trying to hold a yoga pose? 
A: Yoga pants. 

Q: How do you impress a baker when you're taking his daughter on a date? 
A: Bring her flours. 

Q: Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibit? 
A: Because it was cultured. 

Q: Where do cows hang their paintings? 
A: In the mooo-seum. 

Q: Why did the tomato turn red? 
A: Because it saw the salad dressing! 

Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job? 
A: Because it was soda pressing. 

Q: What do bees do if they want to use public transport? 
A: Wait at a buzz stop! 

Q: What did the fashion police officer say to his sweater? 
A: "Do you know why I pulled you over?" 

Q: What do you call a group of unorganized cats? 
A: A Cat-astrophe 

Q: Why did the frog take the bus to work? 
A: His car got toad. 

Q: What is the difference between a dressmaker and a farmer? 
A: A dressmaker sews what she gathers, a farmer gathers what he sows. 

Q: What do you give to a sick lemon? 
A: Lemon aid! 

Q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? 
A: Bison 

Q: Where do Volkswagens go when they get old 
A: The Old Volks home! 

Q: Why did the elephants get kicked out of the public pool? 
A: They kept dropping their trunks. 

Q: What's the most musical part of a chicken? 
A: The drumstick 

Q: What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? 
A: A Bagel 

Q: What did the fisherman say to the magician? 
A: Pick a cod, any cod! 

Q: What did the red light say to the green light? 
A: Don't look, I'm changing! 

Q: Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino? 
A: Because he was on a roll. 

Q: What would Bears be without Bees? 
A: Ears 

Q: Why did the poor man sell yeast? 
A: To raise some dough. 

Q: How do snails fight? 
A: They slug it out. 

Q: Why do bananas wear suntan lotion? 
A: Because they peel. 

Q: What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? 
A: I don't know and I don't care. 

Q: Why are penguins socially awkward? 
A: Because they can't break the ice. 

Q: Where do hamburgers go to dance? 
A: They go to the meat-ball 

Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear? 
A: Sneakers 

Q: Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? 
A: He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills! 

Q: What do you get when you put your radio in the fridge?
A: Cool Music.

Q: Why did the belt go to jail? 
A: Because it held up a pair of pants! 

Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on? 
A: Bare-foot. 

Q: What can you serve but never eat? 
A: A volleyball. 

Q: How do bees get to school? 
A: They take the school buzz, of course! 

Q: What do you call a cow on a trampoline? 
A: A milk shake! 

Q: Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep? 
A: So he could have sweet dreams. 

Q: Why did the robber take a bath? 
A: Because he wanted to make a clean getaway. 

Q: What did the penny say to the other penny?
A: We make perfect cents. 

Q: How do you find a Princess? 
A: You follow the foot Prince. 

Q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue with his pizza? 
A: He ate it before it was cool! 

Q: What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? 
A: Remorse code.

Q: Why aren’t koalas actual bears? 
A: The don’t meet the koalafications.

Q: What’s brown and sticky?
A: A stick.

Q: What’s a foot long and slippery?
A: A slipper 

Q: What’s red and moves up and down? 
A: A tomato in an elevator

Q: How does NASA organize a party?
A: They planet

Q: What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?
A: Same middle name. 

Q: Who walks into a restaurant, eats shoots and leaves? 
A: A Panda 

Q: What did one eye say to the other eye? 
A: Don’t look now, but something between us smells.

Q: Why do abcdefghijklmopqrstuvwxy & z hate hanging out with the letter n? 
A: Because n always has to be the center of attention. 

Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa? 
A: A Clausterphobic 

Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? 
A: Ouch! 

Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? 
A: Because then it would be a foot! 

Q: What did the man say to the wall? 
A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster ya! 

Q: Why don't skeletons fight each other? 
A: They don't have the guts. 

Q: What has four wheels and flies? 
A: Garbage truck! 

Q: Why was the student's report card wet? 
A: It was below C level! 

Q: What streets do ghosts haunt? 
A: Dead ends! 

Q: What do you call it when Batman skips church? 
A: Christian Bale 

Q: What did the grape do when it got stepped on? 
A: It let out a little wine! 

Q: What did the time traveler do when he was still hungry after dinner? 
A: He went back four seconds.

Q: On a turkey, which side would you find most feathers? 
A: The outside 

Q: What do you call a chicken that is crossing the road? 
A: Poultry in motion 

Q: What's the difference between a pessimist and a magnet? 
A: A magnet has a positive side. 

Q: Why is it that we don't eat clowns? 
A: They taste funny 

Q: Why is that all cats dislike flying saucers? 
A: Because it is impossible for them to reach the milk. 

Q: If a cat has nine lives, what has more? 
A: A frog – it croaks every day. 

Q: Which ballet do pigs like best? 
A: Swine Lake. 

Q: What would you have if you crossed a pig with a karate expert? 
A: Pork chops 

Q: Why do traffic lights rarely go swimming? 
A: They take much too long to change. 

Q: Why do thieves shower before they commit crime? 
A: Because they like a clean getaway. 

Q: What type of bow can never be tied? 
A: A Rainbow. 

Q: Why did Jack take a prune out for the evening? 
A: He couldn’t get a date. 

Q: Why is it that birds fly southwards for the winter? 
A: Because it is much too far to walk. 

Q : What would you have if you had four peaches and three pears in one hand with four pears and three peaches in the other? 
A: Incredibly large hands. 

Q: How would you lift a giraffe with one hand? 
A: Doesn't matter as you won't find any one handed giraffe? 

Q: If a green stone was thrown into the sea what does it become?" 
A: Wet 

Q : What falls regularly although never gets hurt? 
A : Rain

Q: What would happen if you were to cross two snowmen with three vampires? 
A: You would get severe frostbite 


